Remove the Maven Resolver section from learn page (#1423)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/calling-java-code-from-ballerina.md

### Step 3 - Generating the Ballerina Bindings 
In this step, we'll use the `bindgen` tool to generate Ballerina bindings for those four classes that we talked about in Step 1. If you want more information about the tool, you can refer [The `bindgen` tool](#the-bindgen-tool).

#### Copying the SnakeYAML Library to Your Project

> Download the latest version of the SnakeYAML library and copy it to the project. We need to copy only the SnakeYAML library but for most cases, you may need to copy more than one JAR file. Make sure that you add all the direct and transitive dependencies of them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest version of the SnakeYAML library and copy it to the project. You need to copy only the SnakeYAML library but for most cases, you may need to copy more than one JAR file. Make sure that you add all the direct and transitive dependencies of them. 
```

Create a directory in your project root to store all the Java libraries. 
```sh
> mkdir javalibs
> cp <path-to-snakeyaml-lib>/snakeyaml-1.25.jar javalibs
```

#### Adding the SnakeYAML Library to the Ballerina TOML File

> Copy and paste the following TOML snippet to the `Ballerina.toml` file in your project’s root directory. This step ensures that the SnakeYAML library is always packaged with the stand-alone executable JAR generated for your Ballerina program. Refer to the [Packaging Java libraries with Ballerina programs](#packaging-java-libraries-with-ballerina-programs) for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the following TOML snippet to the `Ballerina.toml` file in your project’s root directory. This step ensures that the SnakeYAML library is always packaged with the stand-alone executable JAR generated for your Ballerina program. For more information, see [Packaging Java libraries with Ballerina programs](#packaging-java-libraries-with-ballerina-programs).
```

Generating dependency bindings for:
	org.yaml.snakeyaml.introspector.BeanAccess
	java.util.function.BiFunction
	org.yaml.snakeyaml.constructor.BaseConstructor
	java.util.function.Function
	... 
	... 
```
- The `-cp` option specifies the list of Java libraries required to generate bindings.

> - The `-o` option specifies the output directory to which the generated bindings are stored. In this case, we instruct the tool to store bindings inside the `yamlparser` module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `-o` option specifies the output directory in which the generated bindings are stored. In this case, the tool is instructed to store bindings inside the `yamlparser` module. 
```

`(-cp|--classpath) <classpath>...`
This optional parameter could be used to specify one or more comma-delimited classpaths for retrieving the required Java libraries needed by the bindgen tool execution. The classpath could be provided as comma-separated paths of JAR files or as comma-separated paths of directories containing all the relevant Java libraries. If the Ballerina bindings are to be generated from a standard Java library, from a library available inside the Ballerina SDK, or from a platform library specified in the `Ballerina.toml`, then you need not specify the classpath explicitly.

`(-o|--output) <output>`

> This optional parameter could be used to specify the directory path into which the Ballerina bindings should be inserted. If this path is not specified, the output will be written onto the same directory from where the command is run. You can point the path of a Ballerina module to generate the code inside a Ballerina module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional parameter could be used to specify the directory path to which the Ballerina bindings should be inserted. If this path is not specified, the output will be written to the same directory from which the command is run. You can point to the path of a Ballerina module to generate the code inside a Ballerina module. 
```
